All right welcome back.
So in the previous toil we just implemented step 1 and now we're about to implement step 2 to select
the strategy that has the highest of these random draws we took in step 1.
All right let's do this.
So what is the best trick now to get the maximum of these random draws that is the maximum of these
random betas for each of the nine strategies.
So we already saw a trick to get an element that corresponds to a maximum.
Remember this is the ARG next trick.
By and by however here this is not the best thing we can use because we are already dealing with a loop
right.
We are getting the random data that is a random draw from the distribution for each of the beta distributions
or the nine strategies.
And therefore what we can do which would be more relevant is to simply keep track of the maximum as
we go you know as we progress inside this for loop.
So let's say for example that we initialize a max random variable to 0 which will later correspond to
this maximum.
We're trying to get right now.
And very simply lets you know each time we're dealing with a strategy strategy as it is the case right
now in the loop.
Well let's check that if the random draw no random data that we just got from this beta distribution
of the specific strategy we're dealing with right now.
Well if this random draw is larger than max random which so far is initialized to 0 then you will see
what it will become.
Well speaking of that if random data is larger than next random Well Max random will become random data
write so that you know this is how it will go.
We deal first with the first strategy.
We get the random data the random data will be higher than zero so Max from will become a better grade.
And then when we deal with the next strategy Well again we'll get the random draw from the beta distribution
of this next strategy.
And that's where we check if this new random data that we get from the beta distribution of this next
Reiji is larger than max random which was you know equal to the random data of the previous beta distribution
of the previous strategy.
So is the new random data is larger than the previous one.
Well we'll update our max random which will correspond to the maximum random data overall over the 9
strategies to this one because it is larger than the previous one and etc. we repeat that in this for
loop.
And then of course we'll get the maximum of these random letters.
So you see that's more practical and more direct to compute the maximum.
This way rather than you know making a list getting all the random betas and then using the RMX trick
to get the maximum.
Now here we directly get the maximum of these random draws from the beta distributions of our nine strategies.
All right perfect.
So we get this maximum.
And then of course let's not forget what we have to do essentially.
Well we have to select the strategy that has the highest of these random draws and therefore to do that
well why do we simply need to do well here as soon as we get a random draw that is larger than the maximum
that we've got so far.
Well what we can seem to do is you know keep that strategy.
Now we're dealing with a specific strategy and if the random draw is larger than the maximum well that
maybe is the right strategy we have to select that is the strategy that has the highest random draw.
So at this point we have to keep it because so far in the loop it has indeed the highest of these run
drugs and then no worries if later in the loop we encounter a random draw that is larger than the maximum
obtained so far.
Well this will be updated as the adder has a maximum of these random drops.
And just to make sure we don't have any initialization problem where we can initialize you know really
introduce this Roybal better we can do that right here.
Just before introducing the maximum of these random draws and we can just initialize that to zero because
you know we were storing this for loop from zero.
Right.
We are doing this route from 0 to D.
So the first strategy we're dealing with is a strategy of index 0 and that's where I am initializing
it at zero.
OK.
And that's it.
With this fool who not only will get the maximum of the random draws from all the beta distributions
of our nine strategies and each time we have a maximum Well we'll get the strategy that has this maximum.
And in the end when the fool.
And that is a full on the strategies.
Well we'll get the strategy that has the maximum of these random draws.
OK and that's it.
Step two is done right.
We just had to select the strategy has the maximum of these random draws which is exactly what we just
did.
So now let's move on to Step Three and to move onto Step Three Well we have to get out of this for a
loop because this Foluke was just to find this maximum random draw.
And the strategy corresponding to that maximum random draw and now we're going to move on to step three
which is to update the numbers of time the strategies have received.
One we want to run.
And the numbers of times the strategies have received were we weren't up to round.
And so let's do that in the next Tauriel.
And until then enjoy AAE.